[FX-5726] Add base tailwind preset package (#4453)
toptal/picasso: packages/base-tailwind/README.md

# `base-tailwind`

> Base Tailwind configuration that contains global design token. This preset have to be reused by any project-specific Tailwind configuration (Picasso, Caliber, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BASE Tailwind configuration preset that contains global design tokens. This preset has to be reused by any project-specific Tailwind configuration (Picasso, Caliber, etc.).
```

Author: @mkrl Addressed, thank you! I removed "configuration" from READMEs, as it is much more clear when the same definition ("preset") is used everywhere.

```javascript
/** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
module.exports = {
  presets: [

>     require('@toptal/base-tailwind'),
>     require('@toptal/picasso-tailwind'),
>     require('@toptal/picasso-tailwind'),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    require('@toptal/base-tailwind'),
    require('@toptal/picasso-tailwind'),
```

Author: @denieler Fixed, thank you!
